Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Tom is two years old.
Uncle Ben says,
"Tom you are very smart."
When this is translated
into English...
Tom is two years old.
Uncle Ben says,
"You are very clever, Tom!"
Hey, why is Sakurada teaching
from such an easy section?
Maybe he is afraid that
a certain someone might point out...
... his mistakes if he gives us
difficult material.
Teacher!
Your translation
was a little wrong.
The word "clever" implies
"sneaky" and "sly."
Do you think it's appropriate to use
such a word for a two-year-old?
Here we go again!
In this case, Americans would use
the word "smart." "You are smart!"
You would know at least that much
if you watched foreign movies and stuff.
FACULTY ROOM
What about Americans?!
Don't make fun of me!
Sakurada-sensei. Calm down!
I...I wanted to go abroad...
...and learn English
in a native environment!
Whoa!
But it wasn't that common
when I was young.
If you have complaints, take them
to the Ministry of Education!
He was attacked
by Kanzaki's class terrorism.
Poor thing!
He's even talking differently.
He usually addresses
himself as "me."
Come on. How come
everyone is so flustered?
She's just a kid.
Isn't that right,
Fuyutsuki-sensei?
Don't talk to me!
Fifth period is my turn.
Oh, is that so?
SCIENCE LAB 1
So, in summary...
...water is the combination
of hydrogen and oxygen.
By performing electrolysis...
...it could be separated
into hydrogen and oxygen.
Kanzaki...
Kikuchi!
I don't care why you carry out
classroom terrorism.
Hey, are you allowed to switch
seats without permission?
But keep your
hands off of Onizuka!
He is nothing like
any of the teachers you know.
Hmmm.
Are you on his side, Kikuchi?
Hard to believe, coming from someone
known as the master...
...of bullying a homeroom
teacher in Class 2-4.
You successfully drove
three teachers out of school!
Don't worry.
He's special for me, too.
So I'll treat him special...
Then let's do an experiment.
Hey, Kikuchi.
Doesn't your head feel clear
today...more than usual?
What?
It feels like this room
is full of oxygen.
So...when you put a match closer
to the gas extracted in this manner...
...you will find that this
is indeed hydrogen.
Someone get a fire extinguisher!
Ha ha ha...who in the world
would do such a bad thing?
It's not funny. It's not funny!
It's worse than a joke!
Look. Look. Look at my hair.
Look at my hair!
I look like a chihuahua!
A chihuahua!
How can you laugh?
It's definitely a trick played
by someone in YOUR class.
I saw oxygen tanks
with open valves.
It was intentional!
Intentional!
What...what...what are you
gonna do, Onizuka-sensei?!
I...I was supposed to go to
a Nelton Party. Nelton. Nelton!
It was going to be my 29th one.
Besides, this time I paid extra
for a ticket...
...to go to a Nelton Party with nurses.
It was 25,000 yen.
25,000 yen!
Hmm...
Back home my parents have
been bugging me to get married!
The party might have
been my only chance!
Are you listening, Onizuka-sensei?
Hey. Right there!
Don't laugh!
Hmm...
All right, all right.
I heard you.
What?
We already know who did it.
I'll turn her into an obedient,
good girl with just one blow!
Uh...
Where are you going,
Onizuka-kun?
Uh... I was going to give
an extra-curricular class...
In that outfit?
Well...extra-curricular
in the subject of life.
There is this kid whose tricks
are a little over the edge...
It can't be Urumi Kanzaki,
can it?
Huh? Well...sort of...
Do you have proof?
Proof?
What?
Have you forgotten
what I told you the other day?
She is a specially treated student
certified by the Ministry of Education.
She is a genius
with an IQ of 200!
If anything should happen to her,
firing you wouldn't be enough!
Do the other teachers
understand, too?
With Urumi Kanzaki...
...we expect all of you to handle her
carefully as if caring for a bruise!
Kanzaki has been like that...
...since before bullying of a homeroom
teacher began in our class.
Yeah. She's been making a career
out of it more than we do.
Besides the fact that she is
a specially treated student...
... Kanzaki is kind of hard
to approach, even for us.
That's right. She is kind of scary
to get involved with.
When she stopped coming to school
I felt relieved, to be honest...
Hmmm.
I heard from Aizawa a long time ago
that she had a traumatic experience.
Tora-uma? (tiger-horse)
Is there such an animal?
Is this guy imagining
something outrageous?
He might be...
So... Tora-uma...
Oops?
Huh? Where did she go?
Teacher!
Hmm!
What are you doing?
Uh...
Did you need me?
Hmm...I heard from Kikuchi
and his buddies.
What?
You...are holding in a huge
Tora-uma, aren't you?
If that's the case, you should
have told me much earlier.
I'm really good
at exterminating violent beasts!
Teacher...
do you know what trauma is?
Sure! Something like this, right?
EIKICHI THEATRE
FOR GOOD CHILDREN
A rare and violent beast, Tora-uma!
BEAST OF TRAUMA (TORA-UMA)
TEMPER: VIOLENT
Urumi is in a pinch!
Oh, no!
SPECIAL CHARACTERISTIC:
EATS FEMALE STUDENTS
Are you serious?
Of course!
Ah...ha ha ha.
Teacher, you're the best!
Ah...ha ha ha...
Hmm?
RAMEN
Oh, now I understand.
Tasty.
Disgusting!
Hah!
Since the explanations by Kikuchi
and his buddies were a little strange...
...I came to the conclusion that
a violent beast is living in your house...
But...it would be a big problem
if such a beast settled in my house.
Wouldn't it?
You are...a nice person.
Well, I'm just doing my job
as a teacher...
But I happen to know...
...that teachers in general don't hesitate
to abandon their students...
...in a time of crisis.
Huh? Hey, dummy!
Why would I do that?
Oh, really?
What?
Then I'll test it.
One...
...two...three!
Ah! Dummy!
It hit someone!
Bingo!
Umm...we're sorry. Are you O.K.?
Oops!
Punch Perm...
A gold button...
Could...could he be...?
Young boss.
What?
Who the hell are you?
Did you do this to our boss?
Uh. No...Umm...
Yes! I did! I was going
to clean up trash in the city!
Hey, you stupid!
What are you saying!
What are you gonna do?
Abandon me?
Did you call us trash?
You brat!
I can't believe it!
Now, are you scared, young lady?
You brat!
Stupid!
Don't just stand there!
Those bastards!
Wait!
- Whoa!
- Help!
- Did you see them?
- Shit! Where did they go?
Phew.
We managed to get away.
It was fun.
In what sense?
If we'd made even a minor mistake,
we would be...
...at the bottom of Tokyo Bay
encased in concrete by now!
Since we didn't make
a mistake, I don't care.
Unbelievable!
I can't hang out with you.
Where are you going?
Going home.
Those guys might be
hanging out in this area.
If they find me, I might get killed...
Why should I care?
Oh... I see...
Gosh...my life expectancy
has been shortened.
Teacher...
I'll kill myself!
What?
I'm gonna write a suicide note.
Hey. What are you doing, Kanzaki?
A suicide note: I'm killing myself
because Onizuka-sensei hates me now.
Crap!
Whoa!
Don't kill yourself! If you do, I'll kill you!
Farewell to everyone on the planet.
- Do you understand? Stay put!
- Hello, everyone in heaven.
I'm joining you today as a new...
Did I scare you?
Of course you did!
All right, all right.
I won't abandon you.
So don't ever play
this kind of joke on me again.
It's not a joke.
I was...half serious.
What?
Every now and then there are nights...
...when I feel so lonely...
and depressed.
I wonder why someone
like me was born into this world.
I even wish I could vanish
from this world...
...and pretend that I never existed...
Stand up, Kanzaki.
When I get negative thoughts like that,
it usually means I'm hungry.
Seriously?
Yeah. Also, we were
in the middle of eating ramen.
Then I want to eat yakiniku!
What?
If I can't have it,
maybe I'll jump from here...
Whoa...
Wow...stop it!
Wait! Wait a second!
Crap! Too many days till payday.
Ah! Teacher,
there's some money at your feet!
What?
Oh, lucky!
Kanzaki!
Whoa!
Ouch. Hey, Kanzaki!
Are you all right?
Whoa!
Oh, this is a mannequin!
Kanzaki! Oh, crap!
Kanzaki! Wake up!
She's dead!
MURDER BY BUTT BLOW!
Chief Detective, what's the weapon?
Hmm...probably one big butt blow.
The entire mystery is solved!
In the name of my grandpa...
Please stop committing more crimes!
"When we look back...
it is so admirable...
...all the hard work
by our respectable teachers..."
I happen to know that
teachers usually don't hesitate...
...to abandon their students
in a time of crisis.
COMING SOON TO THIS THEATRE
Whoa! I don't have time
to turn this whole thing into a movie!
Calm down!
Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old!
It's not that she's positively dead!
If I rush her to a hospital...
Hey.
Hmm?
Hey, what are you doing?
Ah! Wait!
Wait!
I look like a murder suspect
running away...
...from the scene of the crime
after being noticed!
Well, actually, it's pretty close to that...
Crap, it's not even funny.
Wait!
Ah... I've got to do something
with this girl... this girl...
... this corpse...
Bury it!
What?
Bury it?
You mean this corpse?
That's right.
Somewhere that's not conspicuous.
What about a deep forest
near Mt. Fuji?
- The body won't be easily found there.
- At the foot of Mt. Fuji.
A deep forest near Mt. Fuji.
What...
What am I doing?
I look just like a murderer
on the Saturday Night Movie.
Wake up! Wake up,
Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old!
You're a teacher!
Do you think it's right for a teacher
to bury a student?
That's right. Help her!
It may not be too late!
But I've already brought her
to a forest. Hey...
Ah! I know! CPR!
Why didn't I think of it before?
All right. I'm ready.
Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old.
A bachelor. Allow me to get going.
Wah!
I'll get you!
Ah! I'm sorry.
Please cross over peacefully!
Hey, could you stop treating me
like a dead person?
What?
Phew. No matter how it happened,
I'm glad you are alive.
It's got to be the power of Mt. Fuji...
a spiritual, sacred mountain...
Attempted murder
and abandonment of the corpse.
Here, Kanzaki! Go ahead
and order whatever you want to eat!
I want...a genie in a lamp.
A genie?
Is there such a thing?
Don't you know?
You rub a lamp like this and say
something like, "Rah-ri-pap-pah."
Then it appears and says,
"Aye-aye, Master."
It's a fairy tale...
...a malevolent deity who makes
whatever you wish for come true.
You're not saying...
you want me to be...
Yes, thank you.
All right?
You must be joking!
Why should I...
About 10 years in prison...
...for attempted murder
and abandonment of a corpse...
Like "Rah-ri-pap-pah!"
Genie!
Come out
if you don't want to go to prison!
Pah-pa-ra-pah!
Aye-aye, Master!
Cool! So much fun!
Hooray! Go, go. Speed away!
Crap!
The motorcycle gangs from the area!
Rah-ri-pap-pah! Genie!
Go past them and speed away!
What?
Do you want to eat prison food?
Ummm... Pah-pa-ra-pah!
As you wish, Master!
Hold on tight!
Move over, move over!
Here comes a genie!
Hey! Don't make light of Kofu Racing!
Let's run away!
Wait! We're gonna get you guys!
Teacher!
I've never had such a fun night.
Oh, really?
Really. I swear.
First time in my life!
I'm gonna pee in my pants!
Don't!
Stop somewhere around here.
Ah. Now I want to eat sweets
from Nagoya.
That's right.
True sweets from Nagoya!
Come on!
10 years in prison!
By tomorrow, please. O. K.?
Aye-aye, Master.
Kanzaki!
Ah, I didn't know
Kikuchi's house was nearby.
What did you do to Onizuka?
Don-ketsu?
Yeah.
What do you think he did, then?
He jumped off to rescue you.
Yup! Hmm...You know.
He's that kind of a guy...Onizuka...
That kind of a guy...
What a brave guy to come back!
We're gonna kill you this time!
Don't make light of Kofu Racing!
Uiro!
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
Fujimori.
What? Is this teacher married?
She's still not married.
Because it's not tasty...
... right, Miss Fujimori?